Batman ace did you like playing with my
new Royal Flush gang can't say that I
did yeah
they aren't any fun at all I gave them
their powers and they still hardly ever
play with me
can't imagine why when I was little
Cadmus used to make me play all kinds of
games but they weren't any fun either
they'd strap me into their machines and
poke wires into my brain
ace can you move this object with your
mind yeah I can move it they weren't
really games you know they were training
me turning me into a weapon for justice
they said they got their weapon I got
cheated out of my childhood I know what
that's like you do don't you you don't
have to answer I read your mind that's
how I knew you weren't going to use mrs.
Waller's weapon on me No
I wasn't you were going to try and talk
me into fixing what I've changed before
I died
yes I'm dying very soon yes
I'm sorry
would you stay with me I'm scared
he sat with her until her time came
that's the Bruce Wayne I came to know
over the years I've known Bruce Wayne
for over 50 years and I've been keeping
an eye on you your whole life
you're not Bruce's clone you're his son
there are similarities mind you but more
than a few differences too you don't
quite have his magnificent brain for
instance you do have his heart though
and for all that fierce exterior I've
never met anyone who cared as deeply
about his fellow man as Bruce Wayne
except maybe you you want to have a
little better life than the old man's
take care of the people who love you
or don't it's your choice hello hi sorry
what time is it
it's just after 3:00 Oh baby I have to
be up at 5:00 what's wrong I just wanted
to know if we were still on for this
weekend yeah why something come up again
no I just want to ask you something so
ask No
not until I see you okay so Friday night
fine
good night love you love you too
you're in my chair yeah guess I am
rather devil have you been I had some
stuff to take care of enigmas overrated
especially at 3:00 a.m. you could have
called I made you some soup but it's
cold sorry didn't mean to worry you I
was worried about Gotham if Batman's not
around I've got it covered
always
Kent called nothing apocalyptic he just
wants your opinion on a case he's
working said you could meet him at the
Metro tower right better suit up you
should eat something first keep up your
strength when I get back you're a
stubborn piece of work you know that
just like my old man